# x2phrase

An algorithm for converting existing cryptographic keys to bip39 phrases.

BIP39 seed phrases are a common, efficient and (mostly) secure method for storing crypto wallet private keys. Users are able to generate 12-25 randomly selected words that act as the primary seed for their cypto wallet. The seed phrase can be used to recover the private keys when needed. The seed phrases are short enough that they can be written down or even memorized so it is easy to restore a backup.

The wallet address, used to receive payments, is a comparatively shorter key. In order to determine your wallet address, you would typically have enter your seed phrase in an app or some wallet software on a computer. This could pose a risk to your coins if the device you are using is compromised. 

x2phrase allows you to generate a unique seed phrase for your wallet key. You are then free to save or memorize the x2phrase for your wallet key to make it easier and safer to restore when needed.

## Building
    $ git clone https://github.com/antherox2/x2phrase.git
    $ cd x2phrase
    $ make
    $ chmod +x x2phrase

## Usage

    $ x2phrase -e <pubKey>      #encoding cryptographic keys
    $ x2phrase -d <KeyPhrase>   #decoding keyphrases


Encoding:

    $ ./x2phrase -e 139AjZtQtiC1QzhyxWS1P7pTbbmnsvg6od
    amount enforce onion transfer title again athlete affair margin advice already allow asthma deer almost final pull system lake romance


Decoding:

    $ ./x2phrase -d amount enforce onion transfer title again athlete affair margin advice already allow asthma deer almost final pull system lake romance
    139AjZtQtiC1QzhyxWS1P7pTbbmnsvg6od

## Disclaimers
* This is a unique algorithm. It is not meant to be compatible with BIP39 seed-phrases generated by your crypto wallet.
* Decoding your seed-phrase with this tool will not yield your privatekey where your tokens/coins are stored. For that, you will need to use the software provided by your crypto wallet (or equivalent).
* This utility is only useful for generating keyphrases FROM private/public keys.
* At this time, I have tested and confirmed that it works with BTC, LTC and Monero pub/pri keys. It will not work with most SHA keys but I plan to add support for that in the future.



## License
MIT License
